Windows SNMP Enumeration Example
We can probe and query SNMP values
using a tool such as snmpwalk
provided we at least know the
SNMP read-only community string,
which in most cases is “public”.
Enumerating the Entire MIB Tree
Using some of the MIB values we saw earlier,
we can attempt to enumerate
their corresponding values.
This command enumerates
the entire MIB tree
using -c to specify
the community string…
…-v to specify the SNMP version number…
…and -t 10
to increase the timeout
period to 10 seconds.
Enumerating Windows Users
This example enumerates
the users on a Windows system.
Enumerating Running Windows Processes
We can also enumerate
the running Windows processes.
Enumerating Open TCP Ports
This example enumerates open TCP ports.
Enumerating Installed Software
Lastly, we can enumerate
installed software as follows.